Main Room (Courtyard)
---------
"Your body aches. There is flowing water, somewhere, but you cannot tell where.\n\
Rolling over, blades of grass tickle your skin and the smell of ash brings\n\
burning tears. As you wipe your eyes, the surrounding structure comes into focus.\n\
You look around and discover you are in the ... "

North Room (Foyer)
----------
"You are standing on a marble floor. Ahead of you is a grand staircase, flanked by two lamp posts.\n\
There is a fireplace to the left, a table to the right of you, and a statue with a grandfather clock next
to it. On the table, there is a (key)"

South Room
----------
"There is a staircase leading downstairs, with a portrait on the wall. You can faintly hear flowing water
coming from the stairwell."

West Room
---------
"You are standing on a wood floor. There is a large round gyroscope like structure in the middle,
rotating slowly. Around you are shelves filled with old books, and there are several pieces of old parchment
scattered on the floor. The script on the pieces of parchment is faded, and you can barely read the script.
In the corner, there is a chest in an alcove sitting on a velvet pillow, covered by glass."

East Room
---------
"You are standing on a stone floor. Flanking you on both sides are rows of portraits of various people who look unfamiliar.
Each portrait is surrounded by two unlit torches. There is a chandelier hanging from the ceiling, and various
wooden cabinets around the room. In the corner, there is an empty stone fountain."


Introduction/Help Menu
----------------------
"Welcome to Stargate: SCSI-1! To navigate the game world, type the following commands.
 Alternate commands are followed with a slash (e.g. command1/command2).
 Commands are not case sensitive. 

 Movement 
 --------
 Move north: n/north
 Move south: s/south
 Move west: w/west
 Move east: e/east
 
 Player Actions
 --------------
 Check inventory: inventory
 Take item: take(item)
 Drop item: drop(item)
 Look around: look/scan
 Examine item/room: examine
 Exit game: quit/exit 
 
 
 To access this help menu, type "help"."